Update what-about-reference-entities.md (#334)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/what-is/what-about-reference-entities.md

---
id: what-about-reference-entities
themes: first-steps, manage-your-reference-entities
title: What is a **reference entity**?
popular: true
ee-only: true
related: manage-reference-entities, enrich-your-reference-entity-records
---

# Introduction to reference entities

> In order to present you quickly this attribute type, let's take an example of a product page.  

Reviewer: It's not only an attribute type, it's a new entity / object like the product object.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to present you quickly this new object type, let's take an example of a product page.  
```

Reviewer: Bon au final "object" ça fait bizarre aussi, j'ai mis "reference entities"

![Reference entity use case](../img/what-about-reference-entities.png)

As you can see above are **many types of product information** visible on this page: text, images... 

Some information are **shared between different products** (such as care instructions, or colors or even brands). This **data can be complex to manage because it has its own attributes** (e.g. a label, a logo, a description or photos).  

> Those information may have dedicated pages on one's e-commerce website (e.g. a webpage describing a brand) or their information may be used to enrich other product pages (e.g. the logo of a brand).

Reviewer: Remove "other"

Author: ```suggestion
Those information may have dedicated pages on one's e-commerce website (e.g. a webpage describing a brand) or their information may be used to enrich product pages (e.g. the logo of a brand).
```

# A bit of vocabulary

> ## Introduction to the reference entity

Reviewer: Ca fait bizarre d'avoir 2 fois très proche " Introduction to reference entities" puis "Introduction to the reference entity" surtout qu'après on a "What is a record", je conserverai "What is a reference entity?" ici

Author: tu as raison, c'est modifié :)
